Webpack with Babel 7
https://medium.com/oredi/webpack-with-babel-7-b61f7caa9565


Popover Options
https://www.w3schools.com/bootstrap/tryit.asp?filename=trybs_ref_js_popover_animation&stacked=h


React Interactive
https://github.com/rafrex/react-interactive


How to enable right click on websites that have disabled it
https://medium.com/@krupkzcorpbisnis/how-to-enable-right-click-on-websites-that-have-disabled-it-d234ae616f7d

Display none to block transition
https://codepen.io/anon/pen/ZMgOEe

9 React Styled-Components UI Libraries for 2018
https://blog.bitsrc.io/9-react-styled-components-ui-libraries-for-2018-4e1a0bd3e179

Redux Crash Course With React
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93p3LxR9xfM

React Context
https://reactjs.org/docs/context.html

React Recompose
https://hackernoon.com/mastering-react-functional-components-with-recompose-d4dd6ac98834

50+ Data Structure and Algorithms Interview Questions for Programmers
https://hackernoon.com/50-data-structure-and-algorithms-interview-questions-for-programmers-b4b1ac61f5b0

Understanding Currying in JavaScript
https://blog.bitsrc.io/understanding-currying-in-javascript-ceb2188c339

Why React16 is a blessing to React developers
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/why-react16-is-a-blessing-to-react-developers-31433bfc210a

11 React UI Component Playgrounds for 2018
https://blog.bitsrc.io/11-react-ui-component-playgrounds-for-2018-eef5a87a1bf8

5 Open Source HTML5 Video Players for 2018
https://blog.bitsrc.io/5-open-source-html5-video-players-for-2018-38fa85932afb

CodePenChallenge: Checkboxes Roundup
https://blog.codepen.io/2018/07/22/codepenchallenge-checkboxes-roundup/

These are the concepts you should know in React.js (after you learn the basics)  IMP
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/these-are-the-concepts-you-should-know-in-react-js-after-you-learn-the-basics-ee1d2f4b8030

Async/await
https://javascript.info/async-await

File upload with Node & React
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/file-upload-with-node-js-react-js-686e342ad7e7

An Introduction to Git Merge and Git Rebase: What They Do and When to Use Them
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/an-introduction-to-git-merge-and-rebase-what-they-are-and-how-to-use-them-131b863785f

Manage global state with React Hooks
https://medium.com/@Charles_Stover/manage-global-state-with-react-hooks-6065041b55b4

React versions
https://github.com/facebook/react/releases

React Hooks in Action: Building a Todo App (hint: no classes)
https://medium.com/@shuvohabib/react-hooks-in-action-building-a-todo-app-hint-no-classes-53e0b4028ba5

11 Javascript Utility Libraries you Should Know in 2018
https://blog.bitsrc.io/11-javascript-utility-libraries-you-should-know-in-2018-3646fb31ade

Understanding Higher-Order Functions in JavaScript
https://blog.bitsrc.io/understanding-higher-order-functions-in-javascript-75461803bad

Understanding Execution Context and Execution Stack in Javascript
https://blog.bitsrc.io/understanding-execution-context-and-execution-stack-in-javascript-1c9ea8642dd0

6 JavaScript User Authentication Libraries for 2019
https://blog.bitsrc.io/6-javascript-user-authentication-libraries-for-2019-6c7c45fbe458

Replacing Redux with ReactN to reduce complexity and bundle size
https://itnext.io/replacing-redux-with-reactn-to-reduce-complexity-and-bundle-size-1c8bcc6b14cc

How to build a React project from scratch using Webpack 4 and Babel
https://hackernoon.com/how-to-build-a-react-project-from-scratch-using-webpack-4-and-babel-56d4a26afd32

I created the exact same app in React and Vue. Here are the differences.
https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/i-created-the-exact-same-app-in-react-and-vue-here-are-the-differences-e9a1ae8077fd

The Ultimate VSCode Setup for Front End/JS/React
https://medium.com/productivity-freak/the-ultimate-vscode-setup-for-js-react-6a4f7bd51a2

9 React Static Site Generators for 2019
https://blog.bitsrc.io/9-react-static-site-generators-for-2019-f54a66e519d2

Master Python through building real-world applications (Part 1)
https://towardsdatascience.com/master-python-through-building-real-world-applications-part-1-b040b2b7faad































































